c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\360FactorsAdHocExtension.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\360FactorsAdHocExtension.pdb
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.Core.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.Framework.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.CacheProvider.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.Logging.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.DataSourceAdapter.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.SystemRepository.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.Exporting.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.Utility.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Izenda.BI.Resource.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Rhino.Licensing.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\evohtmltopdf.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\ar\Izenda.BI.Resource.resources.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\fr-CA\Izenda.BI.Resource.resources.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\bin\Debug\evointernal.dat
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\obj\Debug\I360FactorsAdHocExtension.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\obj\Debug\360FactorsAdHocExtension.dll
c:\users\cmd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\360FactorsAdHocExtension\360FactorsAdHocExtension\obj\Debug\360FactorsAdHocExtension.pdb
